---
title: Quotes & notes
layout: post
date: 2021-02-06 22:40
modified_date: 2021-03-04 22:15
author: TMorales
tag: quotes
---
#### Here you can find some quotes or note that I have liked...
---
#### DevOps Handbook, Gene Kim, Jez Humble, Patrick Debois, John Wilkins
> By removing blame, you remove fear; by removing fear, you enable honesty; and honesty enables prevention. Page 40

> Little fish learn to be big fish in little ponds. Page 60

> American football metaphor: Ops are the offensive linemen and Dev are the 'skill' positions (like quarterback and wide receivers) whose job is to move the ball down the field - the job of Ops is to help make sure Dev has enough time to properly execute the plays. Page 85

> **handback mechanism** when a production service become sufficiently fragile, Operations has the ability to return production support responsibility back to Development. Page 237

> When we work within a complex system, it is impossible for us to predict all the outcomes for the actions we take. Page 271

> Instead of "naming, blaming, and shaming", our goal should always be to maximize opportunities for organization learning. Page 273

---
#### Clean Architecture, Robert C. Martin
**Eisenhower's Matrix**
> I have two kinds of problems, the urgent and the important. The urgent are not important, and the important are never urgent. Page 16

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-------------|-------------|
| Important Urgent | Important Not Urgent |
| Unimportant Urgent | Unimportant Not Urgent |

---
#### Clean Code, Robert C. Martin
**Clean tests** follow five rules that form the acronym F.I.R.S.T. - Page 132
> - Fast. Tests should be fast.
> - Independent. Tests should not depend each other.
> - Repeatable. Tests should be repeatable in any environment.
> - Self-Validating. The tests should have a boolean output. 

---
#### Making work visible, Dominica DeGrandis
The **five** thieves of time. Pages 5-37
> - Too much work-in-progress.
> - Unknown dependencies.
> - Unplanned work.
> - Conflicting priorities.
> - Neglected work.  

<br/>  


Thanks for reading! **TM**  